[Music]
take some board all of the testing that
we do with our partners in euro endcap
and looks at identifying the very safest
vehicle there is we take not only the
EuroNCAP star ratings which is the
result of some pretty comprehensive
crash testing that we do with
traditional crash test dummies and
concrete barriers but also track based
testing so we look at the collision
avoidance technologies fitted to cars we
look at some of those key technologies
that are fitted to the vehicle that's
actually not included in the star rating
system yet and we look at technologies
collision avoidance technologies Lane
support systems and we also look at
innovations such as new inflatable
restraint technology it keeps you even
safer in the crash Volvo have always
been a brand based on safety and it's
seeped in their DNA if you like and in
fact that first three-point safety belts
were a Volvo invention and that every
vehicle has that but it's got a lot of
standard fit collision avoidance safety
systems on them so it's got a standard
fit radar and camera system behind the
windscreen and that's constantly
monitoring the road ahead and that's
going to warn the driver if there's a
crash or break for the driver
automatically to try and avoid that
crash of all the vehicles we've tested
looking at the scores looking at the
innovation and the relevance of those
innovations in real-world safety it has
to be the safest car on sale today
[Music]
it's important when we do the what car
safety awards that we're looking at the
broad spectrum of vehicles available but
what fashion and what car try to do is
democratize safety we're trying to make
sure that regular mainstream vehicles
have the same level of safety that the
big sort of premium cars have as well
[Music]
the UK built Honda Jazz offers
unprecedented levels of safety at this
price point and is unique among the
supermini class offering standard fit a
B with a camera based at roadside
recognition system judging is now
commenced for the 2017 what car Safety
Award and the long list is available on
the what car website
the final results are published on
January the 11th so you can find out
what is the safest car 2070
[Music]